# YRKSpinningProgressIndicator and SPIDemo.app

by Kelan Champagne (http://yeahrightkeller.com)

Please feel free to send me questions or comments.


## Overview

YRKSpinningProgressIndicator is a clone of the "Spinning style"
NSProgressIndicator that can be set to an arbitrary size and color. The
background color can also be set, or it can be transparent. You can even
change the color in real-time while it's animating. SPIDemo is an app to demo
its use.


## Version History

* v1.0  2008-07-08  Initial Release.
* v1.1  2009-02-14  Fixes from Eric Roccasecca.
* v1.2  2009-12-21  Added determinate mode and threaded animation, mostly via
email from Rowan Beentje (from SequelPro).
* v1.3  2010-09-06  Pulled fixes, name improvements from mikeabdulla and
  uncomplex.
  NOTE: This version is not backwards-compatible with
  previous versions due to the name changes.


## Features

* Can be set to arbitrary size and color.
    * Can even be changed while animating.
* Background color can be set arbitrarily or be transparent.
* Has determinate mode that is a pie-chart of the progress.
* Mostly compatible with OS X 10.4 (Tiger).  I think there might be some issues
  with the run modes with the NSTimer-based animation, but I don't have access
  to a Tiger machine right now, so I can't check.


## Code Architecture

* Implemented as a subclass of NSView.
* Animation is done with an NSTimer, or on a separate thread (when
  setUsesThreadedAnimation:YES).  You can even swap between the two while the
  animation is running.


## Code Conventions

* Instance variables are prefixed with an underscore (i.e. "_").


## Contributing

Please feel free to fork this project, or email any patches to me at
kelan@yeahrightkeller.com.


## License (BSD)

Copyright (c) 2009, Kelan Champagne (http://yeahrightkeller.com)

All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
  documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
* Neither the name of the Kelan Champagne nor the
  names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products
  derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Also, I'd appreciate it if you would let me know if you find this code useful.

